here's a non-exaustive list of things that braught me joy this year:

## Things I Did

(In no paticular order)

- I helped maintain a thing that is perpetually broken, and it worked on the one day it mattered.
- I got 6 cookies in a bag that was only suposed to contain 5.
- I cut my own hair in a mirror
- I found out I could enjoy clubbing
- I did katef's DFA->regex game [^regex_bot].
    - And convinced several flatmates to do it aswell
        - To the point where our GC was spammed with photos of DFA's for several weeks
- I ended up in a French city's Pride parade, completely by accident.
- I made an extreamly good joke, that was only got by 1 person, but it was perfect for them in that moment.
- I wandered aimlessly through a city i knew well, and found more interesting tidbits about it
- I spend a 30 minute walk discussing the font and presentation of all the
  houses' numbers, and how nice they were.
- I solved a technical problem by checking out a book on an area i knew nothing
  about, and teaching it to myself.
- I went on a couple of good hikes in the countrty
- I started bouldering, and got into a routine doing it
- I built a door with my friends.
- I wore cat-ears for the first time
- I got to go inside a building that was way too fancy for me, and drink champeign that was way to fancy for me, all while wearing a rediculous outfit.

[^regex_bot]: I loved the happyautomata bot. Kate if you see it, you should know how much joy it braught.

## Great Art Thats Speeks To Me (Or Maybe Just That I Enjoy)

### Music

- Horses 路 Patti Smith
- Sleep Well Beast 路 The National
- Give Up 路 The Postal Service
- Beat The Champ 路 The Mountain Goats [^the]

[^the]: Is it a coincidence that all the bands there start with "The"? Or do most band names do that anyway? Much to consider.

## Films

- Ponyo
- Spiderverse 2 [^spiderverse]

[^spiderverse]: i'm pritty sure it's not called that, but eh, you know what film i mean (maybe).


idk what the point of writing this was this was. but it felt good to, and it feels
nice to do so outside the constraints of "You Need To Not Be Wrong, And Also Write Something
Thats Fully Understandable To People Who Don't Know Everything You Do, And You Should Probably Also
Put In A Load Of Hyperlinks To Stuff So They Can Explore, And Then Do A CTA For Your Socials". i might
try it again [^feedback]

[^feedback]: esp if people say they like it. idk what it says about me that i want to Know that people read this (and also to know that they did), but also want to hide it away, and edited my SSG to enable me to remove it from the home page. food for thaught.

anyway, my friends are great and i'm lucky to know them.
but also i'm great and they're lucky to know me. 
[^friends]

[^friends]: that's another good thing. i don't think i'd have believed this at the start of the year, but i do know.

this format blatently cribbed from
[Jynn](https://jyn.dev/2023/12/20/wonder.html).
i make no appologies for the lack of polish.